# Project Title: Search For C
## Programmer: Bheesetti Harsith Veera Charan
#### Video Demo:
#### Description:
This is a Simple Search Engine that uses the Clang API to parse and search C
header files for Function signatures. It is written in Rust and so is Blazingly
fast and memory efficient.

Well, the Rust parts of it is. The Clang API is a C++ API with bindings for it
generated by the clang-sys crate.

rustc and cargo are required to build this project.

The engine calls the Clang API to parse C header files and retrieves functions
with their signatures and locations in files if available. It then stores them
in a Vector.

The Vector is then simply sorted by by comparing the jarowinkler distance of the
current function signature with the signature of the function we are searching
for which the program recieves as input from a user query.

The top 20 functions in the Vector are then displayed to the user.

The hardest parts of this project were getting the hang of calling the Clang API
from Rust, which was trivial in C and properly parsing the user query to get the
function signature to search for.

### Usage:
Install rustup with following command on Linux machines:
```bash
curl --proto '=https' --tlsv1.2 -sSf https://sh.rustup.rs | sh
```

Once Rust is installed and setup simply do the following to build and run the project:
```bash
cargo run
```

First, you will be prompted to enter the path to the directory containing the
file you want to search in. Enter its path and press enter.

Then you will be prompted to enter a query. Enter a function signature you want to
search for in the following query format:
return_type -> (arg1_type, arg2_type, ...)

After that, the program will display the top 20 functions that match the query.
